- What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
  - This project asked me to determine the most optimal data structure given certain use cases. In this case, the data was course information for a university. 
- How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand
  - My job was to take these use cases and determine what data operations would be performed the most often. Then, I could choose a data structure with optimal runtime complexity for those specific operations. Since the number of courses is known and unlikely to change during a term, I settled on the Hash Table as the most optimal data structure for the university.
- How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
  - I struggled to write a ascii-to-integer converter (for the hash function) for a while. In the end, I couldn't rid the function of collisions entirely, but I suspect this is because of the small table size and similar course IDs. I would expect that the number of collisions remains small as the table size grows, although that would need to be tested.
- How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
  - I have a couple projects tucked away from late night brain storming that would require a database and some sort of data structure optimization. This course has helped me gain a better understanding for how I should structure not just individual data objects, but their relationship to each other in order to optimize specific CRUD operations.
- How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
  - It was helpful to write out the pseudocode entirely before even touching a .cpp file. Once it came to implementating the data structure, most of the process was simple copy and pasting. I can see how this process of writing software could lend itself well to the waterfall approach (project management approach), starting from beginning to end with little disruption from the timeline. I think I will try to adapt this approach for projects to further examine the benefits and drawbacks.
